[HOAS] 1 slot cache for context readback (#324)
LPCIC/coq-elpi: README.md

In particular `Elpi Accumulate lp:{{ .... }}.` is used in tutorials to mix Coq and Elpi code
without escaping. Coq-Elpi also accepts `Elpi Accumulate " .... ".` but strings part of the
Elpi code needs to be escaped. Finally, for non-tutorial material, one can always put

> the code in an external file and use `Elpi Accumulate File "filename" From elpi.apps.derive.` instead.

Author: ```suggestion
the code in an external file and use `Elpi Accumulate File "filename" From some.load.path.` instead.
```
